YOU wake up inside a room FULL of people.
YOU don't know what happened. 
Your HEAD is in great pain which suddenly reminds you that you were attacked on your way home from CASINO.
Last night at Vegas was CRAZY!!!
YOU WON ALL NIGHT!!! 
The last thing you remember was you talking on the phone with your girl/boyfriend while holding your hand tightly in the pocket.
YOU can still feel the bulging touch of money.
Thinking of this, you quickly check your pocket.
The money is gone. Instead, you find three cards and three metal stars.
Cards look the same from back but have different patterns in the front.
One is a rusty SCISSORS. The other one has a STONE on it. The last one looks like a PAPER or some CLOTH that made of linen.
When you are considering talking to other people in the room, you hear a raspy sound coming from the top of the room.
"Hello. Ladies and gentlemen."
The sound makes you think of some old unrepaired metal machine. And it continues:
"It's a pleasure meet you all. And welcome to the game ROCK-PAPER-SCISSORS.
"You can check your pocket. I'm sure you will find 3 cards and 3 stars."
"If not please KILL yourself immediately. Maybe... Maybe you will wake up with all the money you just won in my CASINO."
It follows with a period of piercing laughter. YOU look around and see all the players are checking their cards and stars.
One tall guy even tried to snatch a player near him. All of a Sudden, 
a flash of light hits that guy and... nothing is left.
"Oh... No no no. No fight is allowed in this room."
"We will hold the game for 10 ROUNDS"
"and you will have to keep at least 3 stars with no cards left before the game is ended."
"Otherwise, well... You know what will happen."
"Before each round, you will choose either battle or negotiate."
"You opponent will be assigned randomly."
"The rule for battle is just rock-paper-scissors."
"You choose one card in your hand and display it at the count of 3."
"The winner gets 1 star from the loser."
"If you don't want to battle, you can choose to negotiate."
"Exchange the card you select with your opponent. "
"If you lose all your stars, you will be executed."
"If you get rid of your cards but have more than 3 stars, you will be safe."
"All survivors will get your money back."
"Good luck to you all! And"
"GAME START"
 